If you say mid-market sales are average, who are you?
You were kicked out of the Gu family.
If you don’t want to eat, why don’t you save half of it for dinner?
Do you also want to cultivate like me?
No, you saw it too.
My dad is not very fond of it.
Collecting interest is better than book points.
If you are a Gu family, you are willing to take the money and give it to me.
Can't help but love.
Let me review Century Group and be reborn. Shenen.
You, a earth king, should take care of yourself.
Do you think we want all kinds of garbage?
I was originally a designer at Story Group
It was my hometown back then
Because I can’t soak my face anymore
Than I resigned
Do you believe she is really good
Design talent
I will give up on you not
Stop getting yourself a car bro
I can make her tell the story about that dish
Let’s just say it’s not all human beings anymore.
You are a person who does not understand
What are you coming for tomorrow?
But don't forget to take effect
If there is anything you can do, Brother Youban, can you do it?